[Cortex XDR] Fix Error Message (#28194)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/5_0_4.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Fixed an issue where the integration failed when searching for a value that does exist, when running one of the following commands:
>     - ***xdr-list-risky-users***
>     - ***xdr-list-risky-hosts***
>     - ***xdr-list-user-groups***
>     - ***xdr-list-roles***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the integration failed when searching for a value exists, when running one of the following commands:
- ***xdr-list-risky-users***
- ***xdr-list-risky-hosts***
- ***xdr-list-user-groups***
- ***xdr-list-roles***
```
